 
Feb 13 (Brant): Internet of Things

We are globally connected at a level never experienced before. Information technologies are rapidly incorporating the Internet of Things. 50 billion devices will be connected in real time by 2030 and perhaps 100 billion devices by 2050. Will we be overwhelmed and start pushing back?
 
Feb 27 (???): Surveillance Society

We are growing accustomed to the fact that having our activities recorded is an inevitable part of life in the digital age. Are we willing to live with that and can we defend ourselves against it? Do we even know who has access to all that information?
 
Mar 13 (Gary): Energy Revolution - how far are we? 
 
The activities of 7 billion people create an enormous demand for energy and traditional sources cannot keep pace with the growth of the world’s population. Which are the most promising technologies to keep up with this demand? If we develop new sources, can everyone afford them?
 
Apr 10 (Brant): Hacking
Breaking into someone’s privacy has become a daily phenomenon in the digital world. We will take a look at where the threats are coming from and how much we can do to minimize our exposure.
 
Apr 24 (Torben): Singularity of Genetics
In this presentation, we will take a quick look at how far genetics have come in the past few years. Join this discussion about the possible aspects of the fascinating field of genetics. 
 
May 8 (???) Living on Other Planets
Hollywood’s dream about populating other planets in our solar system, and possibly beyond, is getting closer. There are still many obstacles to overcome but space travel and living on other planets may be closer than we think.
 
May 22 (Torben) Synthetic Biology
Can we create human body parts or even entire human beings by building them from their molecular components? Would they be alive? Would they have advantages over non-biological alternatives? Come to discuss the ramifications of these new advancements.
 
This does not take into account the new suggestions below about UBI and the round robin type of information sharing. If we want to insert these into the topics above we need to finalize them on the 13th.